I've known someone who I worked with for several years who was seriously
injured. Um, they were going into, ah, 41 60 fold panel. And even
though they had some safety application safety precautions on, they
didn't understand, What kind of voltage is, uh, they were actually
checking, and I'm not very familiar with the situation, but some kind
of precautions were relaxed, and they had a really big spark in front
of them. There was a big explosion. Um, some people were hurt, but
the person that was directly inside, um, my friend, he was hospitalized
for close to a year, I think. And then, um, was in a wheelchair
for a little bit longer after that.